I don't know, it's inconvenient.
Ah, Mr. Gu
If you think it's too much
We can discuss it again.
It's okay, Mr. Wang
I have also heard of the Dawan Group
If I can be of any help this time
Let's make friends
20 million in this card
You take it first
You can directly go to Lecheng Bank to take it out.
Brother Lu
You are so atmospheric
But don't worry.
I will definitely pay you back the money as soon as possible.
Don't worry.
Mr. Wang, you can take this money.
Think of it as my investment in Dawan Group
Look at this money
How much equity do you have in your company?
Tell me a number.
Mr. Lu
Your answer is in jeopardy
I'll give you 30%.
I've been thinking about building Dawan
The group's business circle
After it's built?
You are the highest responsible person in Le City
Then I'll wait for your good news, Mr. Wang.
This is the highest specification villa in Genting Tiangong
Please laugh
Ok, thanks.
If nothing else
I'll take my leave first
Xiaoyao, you just send out 20 million like this
And I have a hunch
In the coming years
Dawan Group
It will definitely go from a small playground to the world
To become the world's leading real estate developer
We can make money then
But it's not the 20 million in front of you
Really, then don't we make it big?
Lord Deer
What was your eldest sister bullied by in the factory?